hello my name is Anton I
admin 3 dzhen on dot ru and I
I sit on those support our site
sometimes I advise a consultant
which is in the lower right and
so many people are asking
that they forgot the pattern and not
can use the phone today
we will review the withdrawal process
unlock your pattern on
Beeline smart 2 process does not
differs nothing from previous
videos so let's get started
make sure we have this graphic
sometimes worth it and suppose we forgot it
although I remember him
let's turn off the phone now
imagine that we do not remember him we are waiting
until the phone turns off after that we
hold down the df key is the power button
and volume up button
there was a so-called recovery here
much did 2 simple things press it
wipe data factory reset
This is done with the volume keys
choose the date of the faatra on the set and
confirm your choice with the button
inclusions draw your attention that everyone
settings your data in the phone's memory
will erase selected from the keys and down and
we start to wipe everything after that
click reboot system now to us
just press the key
turning on the phone went into reboot
first boot will be pretty
long but after that the phone will be
turn on as before and while the phone
I would like to say that
This unit can be untied on our
site 3g info dot ru
come looking for a new one or come to us
the forum also unlocking is available on
our online site will pay.
ru now loading the phone get settled and
after loading I will demonstrate
phone performance
and here we see that the phone is us
welcomes and offers to produce
the initial setting and now by
fast skip well because in this video
we don't really need us just want
show you how the phone works
it is necessary well that's all
the phone is reset to standard setting and
normally locked and unlocked
then we will be glad to see you in the ranks
our client with you was Anton one of
administrators 3g info point ru
see you soon